Sync cri stage in loki.process with promtail. (#5057)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/loki.process.md

| Name                  | Type     | Description                                                                      | Default | Required |
| --------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `rate`                | `number` | The maximum rate of lines per second that the stage forwards.                    |         | yes      |

> | `burst`               | `number` | The cap in the quantity of burst lines that the stage forwards.                  |         | yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `burst`               | `number` | The maximum number of burst lines that the stage forwards.                  |         | yes      |
```
Could we rephrase to be consistent with the other descriptions?
